---
layout: post
title: "Week 3"
date: 2025-10-13
description: Week 3 writeup # Add post description (optional)
img:  # Add image post (optional)
---

---

**Name:** tk-elevator

**Category:** misc 

**Points:** 100 (2 flags) 

**Description:** Welcome to the TK Elevator, the tallest elevator in the US! Each level has a Linux challenge: complete each one to ascend to the next. Oh, and as you rise, keep an eye out for our beautiful flags!

---

Each level in this challenge is a mini game in a linux environment, similar to OverTheWire's Bandit, where the goal is to find the credentials needed to login to the next level. Each level has a readme with a hint on how to find the credentials.

Level 0: The hint is **“have you seen my cat?”**, which hints about using the cat command. All you have to do is cd into the ./creds_level1 dir and cat the creds file.

Level 1: The hint is **“99% of gamblers give up right before they find creds. Hint: find? Grep?”** The challenge with this level is looking through a bunch of nested directories with nonsense names for the file containing the credentials. Probably not the optimal solution, but I used the command “ls -alR” to list the directories recursively and find the creds file. I tried piping that into less, but the machine did not have less.

Level 2: **“rocky raccoon checked into his room… hint: grep”** This level just has a creds_level3.txt file, which has the entire bible in it and the credentials are on a random line somewhere in the file. To solve this, I opened the file in vim and used the “/” to find the pattern “password” in the file.

Level 3: **“Can you get creds_level4.sh to run?”** This level has a creds_level4.sh script but it doesn’t have execute permissions. To solve this I ran “chmod u+x” to give the owning user execute perms. 

Level 4: **“Have you seen my file? hint: ls has a lot of options :)”** In this level the credentials file is a hidden file in a hidden directory, so you need the -a flag on ls to see it. Then it can be navigated to and catted out like normal. 

Level 5: **“filename is weird! can u read it anyway? also, there's a flag thingy at the root. what could that be?”** In this level, we get the first of two flags, which is in a txt file in the root directory. In the home dir, there is a directory called “ ‘look in here’ “ which we can cd too and cat the creds file. 

Level 6: **“I think I might've accidentally exposed my password when starting my server. Could you please check for me?”** In this level we have a server.sh script which just sleeps when run. My first thought with the hint was to check bash_history, but the perms are not available. After some researching, I found the command ps -aux, which shows all running processes and info about how they were started. Grepping for the correct username, I found that the server.sh script was run with the credentials for the next level as flags.

Level 7: **“How to quit vim”** In this level there was no hint I just made that up. As soon as I logged in, vim was open. To solve the level I just had to close vim with :q and cat the creds file in the home dir. 

Level 8: **“can you commit the level 9 username to my git project? hint: don't specify a commit message”** This level has the dir “project” with the file creds_level9.txt. The creds file just has the line “next user: “ and nothing else. To solve this level, I added “next user: level9_47740” to the file then staged and committed it with no message. Since there was no message, git opens an interface to add a commit message and the credentials for the next level were in there. 

Level 9: **“Oh, no! My computer crashed while I was writing down the next credentials! Maybe you can recover them somehow?”** In this level, we have the creds file but the password is empty. Using ls -al, I found a .creds_level10.txt.swp file, which I catted out to get the creds.

Level 10: **“You made it to the penthouse! What's in /flag_2.txt?”** There is no challenge for this level, we now have permissions to read the last flag in the root directory, so I have completed the challenge!